Add subentry support for MQTT climate (#40150)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/climate.mqtt.markdown

## Configuration

> To use an MQTT climate in your installation, [add a MQTT device as a subentry](/integrations/mqtt/#configuration), or add the following to your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %} file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an MQTT climate in your installation, [add an MQTT device as a subentry](/integrations/mqtt/#configuration), or add the following to your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %} file.
```

  required: false
  type: template
temperature_high_command_topic:
  description: The MQTT topic to publish commands to change the upper target temperature.
  required: false
  type: string
temperature_high_state_template:

>   description: A template to render the value received on the `temperature_high_state_topic` with. A `"None"` value received will reset the upper temperature set point. Empty values (`""'`) will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: A template to render the value received on the `temperature_high_state_topic` with. A `"None"` value received will reset the upper temperature setpoint. Empty values (`""'`) will be ignored.
```

  required: false
  type: template
temperature_high_state_topic:
  description: The MQTT topic to subscribe for changes in the upper target temperature. If this is not set, the upper target temperature works in optimistic mode (see below).
  required: false
  type: string
temperature_low_command_template:
  description: A template to render the value sent to the `temperature_low_command_topic` with.
  required: false
  type: template
temperature_low_command_topic:
  description: The MQTT topic to publish commands to change the lower target temperature.
  required: false
  type: string
temperature_low_state_template:

>   description: A template to render the value received on the `temperature_low_state_topic` with. A `"None"` value received will reset the lower temperature set point. Empty values (`""`) will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: A template to render the value received on the `temperature_low_state_topic` with. A `"None"` value received will reset the lower temperature setpoint. Empty values (`""`) will be ignored.
```

  required: false
  type: template
temperature_low_state_topic:

>   description: The MQTT topic to subscribe for changes in the lower target temperature. If this is not set, the lower target ltemperature works in optimistic mode (see below).

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
  description: The MQTT topic to subscribe for changes in the lower target temperature. If this is not set, the lower target temperature works in optimistic mode (see below).
```
